what's up everyone I'm Andrea your
real-life English fluency coach and
today we're learning 12 typically
British words with Harry Potter in case
you're new here every week we make
lessons to help you learn fast English
without getting lost without missing the
jokes and without subtitles in fact
Aladin says that since learning with our
channel since March his listening skills
have skyrocketed so if that sounds good
to you don't forget to hit that
subscribe button and the bell down below
so that you don't miss any of our new
lessons Harry Potter is a great movie
franchise to learn British English with
because it's full of vocabulary that
natives use a lot including British
slang so without further ado let's jump
straight into today's lesson so the
first word that we're going to take a
look at is wicked and now this doesn't
mean evil or something like a wicked
witch for example it actually means a
good thing it's another way of saying
excellent now you won't hear this words
used in American English but they will
probably use something like awesome to
describe something that in British
English is wicked I'm gone by the way
from Weasley I'm Harry Potter
so so it's true I mean do you really
have the the what
wicked eternal glory that is what awaits
the student who wins the Triwizard
Tournament but to do this that student
must survive three tasks three extremely
dangerous tasks wicked so the next
typically British word is brilliant and
this is a very very British word you
won't hear it used in American English
and what it means is it's used to
describe something that's wonderful or
exciting and in particular when you have
some good news so you mean this map
shows everyone everyone everyone where
they are what they're doing every minute
of every day
brilliant where'd you get it nicked it
from filches office of course I didn't
mean to blow her up I just lost control
the next word that we're going to learn
is bloody now literally this is used to
describe something that is made of blood
or has blood on it but in Britain is
used as a slang alternative to very and
it's used to add emphasis to what you
are saying it can also be used as an
alternative to a particular swear word
that some people might use to add
emphasis as well
can you imagine looking on we're gonna
go to space if we were late that was
bloody brilliant thank you for that
assessment mr. Weasley how did you do it
nevermind there's a matter maile your
best friend know though now you know
what you know bloody world war now in
Harry Potter if you're a big fan you may
have noticed that they say bloody hell
very often in the movie franchise our
next word is Cheers
and you may have heard this when people
are making a toast which usually happens
with a glass of wine or champagne but in
Britain we actually use this as an
alternative to thank you
our next word is mate and this is very
typically British and is also an
alternative way of saying friend you
might have also heard it in Australian
English because it is also very popular
there as well while they are standing
round that monk you're good that isn't
just any man cure but-- mate
it's a portkey
oh yes
do you get frustrated when trying to
understand fast speaking natives then I
highly recommend our fluent with friends
course in this 40 a week course you will
learn with the first two seasons of
friends you'll receive PDF power lessons
every week vocabulary memorization
software access to our fluency circle
global community and so much more and
the best part is you can try it right
now for free with our three part master
class all you have to do is click up
here or in the description box below to
learn more and sign up now we hope to
see you there our next word is fancy now
you might have heard in American English
the term I have a crush on someone well
in British English we would say I fancy
someone we can also use it to describe a
desire for example I might say I fancy a
cup of tea or I fancy some chocolate
don't fancy a butterbeer no if you think
I'm gonna let everyone risk their lives
for me no no this is different
taking that becoming me no well none of
us really fancy you mate yeah imagine if
something went wrong ended up a scrawny
specky get forever so our next word is
barking and you'll often find this word
collocated with mad so it becomes
barking mad and this is used to describe
someone that's acting crazy or acting a
bit strangely I reckon you have to be
barking mad to put your own name in a
couple in a fire Connolly too long
enough now the next one I really like
because it's quite fun it's quite funny
the word is dodging now you would
describe something as dodgy if it's
unreliable or dishonest and we usually
use this word when we want to describe
something that is untrustworthy or that
we lack confidence in for example you
might say this car has some dodgy brakes
you're a mess hairy sculpting around
Knockturn alley dodgy place the one
known to see you there people are
thinking up to no good the next word is
nutter and it's important to note that
you would probably only use this word
with close friends in a very informal
way it's used to describe someone that's
acting crazy or silly or strange in
American English
they might say that someone is nuts for
example but in the UK we would say that
someone is acting like a nutter or that
person is a nutter across the ministry
still letting you walk around free
Potter you better enjoy it while you can
all right but there's a sell em Azkaban
with your name on it I'll tell you
nothing to stay away from me so our next
word is rubbish and the American English
alternative to this is trash so in
America they would call the rubbish bin
a trash can and they might say that
they're taking out the trash whereas we
would say I'm taking out the rubbish
however we also use this as a slang term
to describe something that's worthless
untrue or nonsense dear mr. Potter we
are pleased to inform you that you have
been accepted at Hogwarts School of
Witchcraft and Wizardry
we thought when we took him in we'd put
a stop to all this rubbish but first you
must broaden your minds first you are
interested in learning more words that
are different in British and American
English then I highly recommend that you
check out our podcast where Ethan and I
discuss this and you can learn a lot
more vocabulary you'll find the link in
the description box below so that you
can check that out later our next word
is bloke
this is a very informal word it's a
slang way of saying man it's creepy shot
was a creepy bloke it's father is a
Death Eater it only makes sense it's one
thing for a bloke to sharpen on it okay
it's just so I wouldn't be going alone
because believe it or not someone's
asked me and I said yes she's lying
right so our last typically British word
is one of my favorites because it's a
synonym for dessert and this word is
pudding so you will hear this a lot in
the UK as a way of describing pudding
another synonym is also afters so rather
than say I want dessert or we having
dessert next we would say shall we have
some pudding next I think I'll just go
have somebody
[Music]
I hope you enjoyed today's lesson and
learning 12 typically British words with
me and Harry Potter thanks for joining
me but before I go I highly recommend
that you check out our Harry Potter
playlist where we have lots of great
lessons for you to choose from next take
care guys